Hey, you can let him go now
Boss Shen Qingyan
Now that you admit defeat
Meet our people at 7:30 in the future
Just take a detour
President Jiang
We're leaving now.
No opinion?
roll
Go home
Boss don't touch me
Sorry boss
We do it all
It's all because of me that you lost
Sorry yeah boss
What are you doing?
Kneel down with the boss
Don't kneel
Get up.
I'll tell you what.
I'm on my knees because I didn't plan it well
Let you suffer all this
From Now On
I will never let this happen again
Come on.
Shen Qingyan
Is Xinhui able to help you remove the air cushion?
Oh, what a pity.
Some people are destined to stand at the top of the pyramid
Come on.
Boss, let's eat something
It's ok, I'm not hungry.
The boss blames me, I will definitely exercise well next time
I won't hold you back anymore.
It's okay, it's not your fault.
You're fine
Okay, Qile, stop talking, boss
What do we do after that?
The plan remains unchanged
Eradicate 7:30 Domination SM